I figured three things out first Edward
is a vegan second there is a part of him
and I don't know how dominant that part
might be that thirsted for my pizza I
cannot draw this and third that I was
unconditionally and irrevocably in love
with you
I'm sorry I was so rude before
I just think because of my special diet
we shouldn't be friends
don't move I just want to try one thing
you don't know how long I've waited for
you
ah everyone is staring at us I'm
breaking all the rules now this stuff
just doesn't happen it does in my world
I know what you are say it say it out
loud again you're never gonna let this
go are you
know what if I'm not the hero what if
I'm like one of those people that eat
meat who are jerks
you know the bad guy but I can't control
myself around your pizza Bella it's too
hot I don't care
are you scared No cool let's go fly in
some trees
this is what a monster looks like
I don't care I just I just I'll stop
eating cheese I just can't be separated
from you